docs/source/support-pyrogram.rst, before:

Support Pyrogram
================

Pyrogram is free and open source software, and thus powered by your love and support! If you like the project and have
found it to be useful, give Pyrogram a `Star on GitHub`_. Your appreciation means a lot and helps staying motivated.

.. raw:: html

    <a class="github-button" href="https://github.com/pyrogram/pyrogram" data-size="large" data-show-count="true" aria-label="Star pyrogram/pyrogram on GitHub">Star</a>
    <br><br>

-----

Donate
------

As a developer, you probably understand that "open source" doesn't mean "free work". A lot of time and resources has
been put into the project and if you'd like to tip me for Pyrogram -- or any of my `other works`_ -- you can use the
PayPal button below. Thank you!

.. image:: https://i.imgur.com/fasFTzK.png
    :target: https://paypal.me/delivrance
    :width: 128

--- `Dan`_

.. _Star on GitHub: https://github.com/pyrogram/pyrogram
.. _other works: https://github.com/delivrance
.. _Dan: https://t.me/haskell

Commit message:

Add a new way to support Pyrogram - Add Hetzner link for cloud credits.

docs/source/support-pyrogram.rst, after:

Support Pyrogram
================

Pyrogram is free and open source software, and thus powered by your love and support! If you like the project and have
found it to be useful, give Pyrogram a `Star on GitHub`_. Your appreciation means a lot and helps staying motivated.

.. raw:: html

    <a class="github-button" href="https://github.com/pyrogram/pyrogram" data-size="large" data-show-count="true" aria-label="Star pyrogram/pyrogram on GitHub">Star</a>
    <br><br>

-----

Cloud Credits
-------------

If you need a cloud server to host your applications, try **Hetzner Cloud**. You can sign up with
`this link <https://hetzner.cloud/?ref=9CyT92gZEINU>`_ to get €20 in cloud credits and help support Pyrogram and
my `other projects`_.

Donate
------

As a developer, you probably understand that "open source" doesn't mean "free work". A lot of time and resources has
been put into the project and if you'd like to tip me for Pyrogram -- or any of my `other works`_ -- you can use the
PayPal button below. Thank you!

.. image:: https://i.imgur.com/fasFTzK.png
    :target: https://paypal.me/delivrance
    :width: 128

--- `Dan`_

.. _Star on GitHub: https://github.com/pyrogram/pyrogram
.. _other projects: https://github.com/delivrance
.. _other works: https://github.com/delivrance
.. _Dan: https://t.me/haskell
