docs/source/start/errors.rst, before:

Error Handling
==============

Errors are inevitable when working with the API, and they must be correctly handled with ``try..except`` blocks in order
to control the behaviour of your application. Pyrogram errors all live inside the ``errors`` package:

.. code-block:: python

    from pyrogram import errors

.. contents:: Contents
    :backlinks: none
    :local:

-----

RPCError
--------

The father of all errors is named ``RPCError``. This error exists in form of a Python exception which is directly
subclass-ed from Python's main ``Exception`` and is able to catch all Telegram API related errors. This error is raised
every time a method call against Telegram's API was unsuccessful.

.. code-block:: python

    from pyrogram.errors import RPCError

.. warning::

    It must be noted that catching this error is bad practice, especially when no feedback is given (i.e. by
    logging/printing the full error traceback), because it makes it impossible to understand what went wrong.

Error Categories
----------------

The ``RPCError`` packs together all the possible errors Telegram could raise, but to make things tidier, Pyrogram
provides categories of errors, which are named after the common HTTP errors and are subclass-ed from the RPCError:

.. code-block:: python

    from pyrogram.errors import BadRequest, Forbidden, ...

-   `303 - SeeOther <../api/errors#seeother>`_
-   `400 - BadRequest <../api/errors#badrequest>`_
-   `401 - Unauthorized  <../api/errors#unauthorized>`_
-   `403 - Forbidden <../api/errors#forbidden>`_
-   `406 - NotAcceptable <../api/errors#notacceptable>`_
-   `420 - Flood <../api/errors#flood>`_
-   `500 - InternalServerError <../api/errors#internalservererror>`_

Single Errors
-------------

For a fine-grained control over every single error, Pyrogram does also expose errors that deal each with a specific
issue. For example:

.. code-block:: python

    from pyrogram.errors import FloodWait

These errors subclass directly from the category of errors they belong to, which in turn subclass from the father
RPCError, thus building a class of error hierarchy such as this:

- RPCError
    - BadRequest
        - ``MessageEmpty``
        - ``UsernameOccupied``
        - ``...``
    - InternalServerError
        - ``RpcCallFail``
        - ``InterDcCallError``
        - ``...``
    - ``...``

.. _Errors: api/errors

Unknown Errors
--------------

In case Pyrogram does not know anything about a specific error yet, it raises a generic error from its known category,
for example, an unknown error with error code ``400``, will be raised as a ``BadRequest``. This way you can catch the
whole category of errors and be sure to also handle these unknown errors.

In case a whole class of errors is unknown (that is, an error code that is unknown), Pyrogram will raise a special
``520 UnknownError`` exception.

In both cases, Pyrogram will log them in the ``unknown_errors.txt`` file. Users are invited to report
these unknown errors in the `discussion group <https://t.me/pyrogram>`_.

Errors with Values
------------------

Exception objects may also contain some informative values. For example, ``FloodWait`` holds the amount of seconds you
have to wait before you can try again, some other errors contain the DC number on which the request must be repeated on.
The value is stored in the ``x`` attribute of the exception object:

.. code-block:: python

    import time
    from pyrogram.errors import FloodWait

    try:
        ...  # Your code
    except FloodWait as e:
        time.sleep(e.x)  # Wait "x" seconds before continuing

Commit message:

Deep rewrite: preparing for v1.0 - Pyrogram core is now fully asynchronous - Ditched Python 3.5, welcome 3.6 as minimum version. - Moved all types to pyrogram.types - Turned the Filters class into a module (filters) - Moved all filters to pyrogram.filters - Moved all handlers to pyrogram.handlers - Moved all emoji to pyrogram.emoji - Renamed pyrogram.api to pyrogram.raw - Clock is now synced with server's time - Telegram schema updated to Layer 117 - Greatly improved the TL compiler (proper type-constructor hierarchy) - Added "do not edit" warning in generated files - Crypto parts are executed in a thread pool to avoid blocking the event loop - idle() is now a separate function (it doesn't deal with Client instances) - Async storage, async filters and async progress callback (optional, can be sync too) - Added getpass back, for hidden password inputs

docs/source/start/errors.rst, after:

Error Handling
==============

Errors are inevitable when working with the API, and they must be correctly handled with ``try..except`` blocks in order
to control the behaviour of your application. Pyrogram errors all live inside the ``errors`` package:

.. code-block:: python

    from pyrogram import errors

.. contents:: Contents
    :backlinks: none
    :depth: 1
    :local:

-----

RPCError
--------

The father of all errors is named ``RPCError`` and is able to catch all Telegram API related errors.
This error is raised every time a method call against Telegram's API was unsuccessful.

.. code-block:: python

    from pyrogram.errors import RPCError

.. warning::

    It must be noted that catching this error is bad practice, especially when no feedback is given (i.e. by
    logging/printing the full error traceback), because it makes it impossible to understand what went wrong.

Error Categories
----------------

The ``RPCError`` packs together all the possible errors Telegram could raise, but to make things tidier, Pyrogram
provides categories of errors, which are named after the common HTTP errors and are subclass-ed from the ``RPCError``:

.. code-block:: python

    from pyrogram.errors import BadRequest, Forbidden, ...

-   :doc:`303 - SeeOther <../api/errors/see-other>`
-   :doc:`400 - BadRequest <../api/errors/bad-request>`
-   :doc:`401 - Unauthorized <../api/errors/unauthorized>`
-   :doc:`403 - Forbidden <../api/errors/forbidden>`
-   :doc:`406 - NotAcceptable <../api/errors/not-acceptable>`
-   :doc:`420 - Flood <../api/errors/flood>`
-   :doc:`500 - InternalServerError <../api/errors/internal-server-error>`

Single Errors
-------------

For a fine-grained control over every single error, Pyrogram does also expose errors that deal each with a specific
issue. For example:

.. code-block:: python

    from pyrogram.errors import FloodWait

These errors subclass directly from the category of errors they belong to, which in turn subclass from the father
``RPCError``, thus building a class of error hierarchy such as this:

- RPCError
    - BadRequest
        - ``MessageEmpty``
        - ``UsernameOccupied``
        - ``...``
    - InternalServerError
        - ``RpcCallFail``
        - ``InterDcCallError``
        - ``...``
    - ``...``

.. _Errors: api/errors

Unknown Errors
--------------

In case Pyrogram does not know anything about a specific error yet, it raises a generic error from its known category,
for example, an unknown error with error code ``400``, will be raised as a ``BadRequest``. This way you can catch the
whole category of errors and be sure to also handle these unknown errors.

In case a whole class of errors is unknown (that is, an error code that is unknown), Pyrogram will raise a special
``520 UnknownError`` exception.

In both cases, Pyrogram will log them in the ``unknown_errors.txt`` file. Users are invited to report
these unknown errors in the `discussion group <https://t.me/pyrogram>`_.

Errors with Values
------------------

Exception objects may also contain some informative values. For example, ``FloodWait`` holds the amount of seconds you
have to wait before you can try again, some other errors contain the DC number on which the request must be repeated on.
The value is stored in the ``x`` attribute of the exception object:

.. code-block:: python

    import time
    from pyrogram.errors import FloodWait

    try:
        ...  # Your code
    except FloodWait as e:
        time.sleep(e.x)  # Wait "x" seconds before continuing
