examples/README.md, before:

# Examples

This folder contains example scripts to show you how **Pyrogram** looks like.

Every script is working right away (provided you correctly set up your credentials), meaning
you can simply copy-paste and run. The only things you have to change are session names and target chats.

Example | Description
---: | :---
[**hello_world**](hello_world.py) | Demonstration of basic API usages
[**echo_bot**](echo_bot.py) | Echo bot that replies to every private text message
[**welcome_bot**](welcome_bot.py) | The Welcome Bot source code in [@PyrogramChat](https://t.me/pyrogramchat)
[**get_history**](get_history.py) | How to retrieve the full message history of a chat
[**get_chat_members**](get_chat_members.py) | How to get the first 10.000 members of a supergroup/channel
[**get_chat_members2**](get_chat_members2.py) | Improved version to get more than 10.000 members
[**query_inline_bots**](query_inline_bots.py) | How to query an inline bot and send a result to a chat
[**send_bot_keyboards**](send_bot_keyboards.py) | How to send normal and inline keyboards using regular bots
[**callback_query_handler**](callback_query_handler.py) | How to handle queries coming from inline button presses
[**raw_update_handler**](raw_update_handler.py) | How to handle raw updates (old, should be avoided)

Commit message:

Hint about examples' license in README.md

examples/README.md, after:

# Examples

This folder contains example scripts to show you how **Pyrogram** looks like.

Every script is working right away (provided you correctly set up your credentials), meaning
you can simply copy-paste and run. The only things you have to change are session names and target chats.

All the examples listed in this directory are licensed under the terms of the [CC0 1.0 Universal](LICENSE) license and
can be freely used as basic building blocks for your own applications without worrying about copyrights.

Example | Description
---: | :---
[**hello_world**](hello_world.py) | Demonstration of basic API usages
[**echo_bot**](echo_bot.py) | Echo bot that replies to every private text message
[**welcome_bot**](welcome_bot.py) | The Welcome Bot source code in [@PyrogramChat](https://t.me/pyrogramchat)
[**get_history**](get_history.py) | How to retrieve the full message history of a chat
[**get_chat_members**](get_chat_members.py) | How to get the first 10.000 members of a supergroup/channel
[**get_chat_members2**](get_chat_members2.py) | Improved version to get more than 10.000 members
[**query_inline_bots**](query_inline_bots.py) | How to query an inline bot and send a result to a chat
[**send_bot_keyboards**](send_bot_keyboards.py) | How to send normal and inline keyboards using regular bots
[**callback_query_handler**](callback_query_handler.py) | How to handle queries coming from inline button presses
[**raw_update_handler**](raw_update_handler.py) | How to handle raw updates (old, should be avoided)
