compiler/docs/template/methods.rst, before:

Available Methods
=================

This page is about Pyrogram methods. All the methods listed here are bound to a :class:`~pyrogram.Client` instance.

.. code-block:: python
    :emphasize-lines: 6

    from pyrogram import Client

    app = Client("my_account")

    with app:
        app.send_message("haskell", "hi")

.. contents:: Contents
    :backlinks: none
    :local:

-----

.. currentmodule:: pyrogram.Client

Utilities
---------

.. autosummary::
    :nosignatures:

    {utilities}

.. toctree::
    :hidden:

    {utilities}

Messages
--------

.. autosummary::
    :nosignatures:

    {messages}

.. toctree::
    :hidden:

    {messages}

Chats
-----

.. autosummary::
    :nosignatures:

    {chats}

.. toctree::
    :hidden:

    {chats}

Users
-----

.. autosummary::
    :nosignatures:

    {users}

.. toctree::
    :hidden:

    {users}

Contacts
--------

.. autosummary::
    :nosignatures:

    {contacts}

.. toctree::
    :hidden:

    {contacts}

Password
--------

.. autosummary::
    :nosignatures:

    {password}

.. toctree::
    :hidden:

    {password}

Bots
----

.. autosummary::
    :nosignatures:

    {bots}

.. toctree::
    :hidden:

    {bots}

Authorization
-------------

.. autosummary::
    :nosignatures:

    {authorization}

.. toctree::
    :hidden:

    {authorization}

Advanced
--------

Methods used only when dealing with the raw Telegram API.
Learn more about how to use the raw API at :doc:`Advanced Usage <../../topics/advanced-usage>`.

.. autosummary::
    :nosignatures:

    {advanced}

.. toctree::
    :hidden:

    {advanced}

Commit message:

Deep rewrite: preparing for v1.0 - Pyrogram core is now fully asynchronous - Ditched Python 3.5, welcome 3.6 as minimum version. - Moved all types to pyrogram.types - Turned the Filters class into a module (filters) - Moved all filters to pyrogram.filters - Moved all handlers to pyrogram.handlers - Moved all emoji to pyrogram.emoji - Renamed pyrogram.api to pyrogram.raw - Clock is now synced with server's time - Telegram schema updated to Layer 117 - Greatly improved the TL compiler (proper type-constructor hierarchy) - Added "do not edit" warning in generated files - Crypto parts are executed in a thread pool to avoid blocking the event loop - idle() is now a separate function (it doesn't deal with Client instances) - Async storage, async filters and async progress callback (optional, can be sync too) - Added getpass back, for hidden password inputs

compiler/docs/template/methods.rst, after:

Available Methods
=================

This page is about Pyrogram methods. All the methods listed here are bound to a :class:`~pyrogram.Client` instance,
except for :meth:`~pyrogram.idle()`, which is a special function that can be found in the main package directly.

.. code-block:: python
    :emphasize-lines: 6

    from pyrogram import Client

    app = Client("my_account")

    with app:
        app.send_message("haskell", "hi")

.. contents:: Contents
    :backlinks: none
    :local:

-----

.. currentmodule:: pyrogram.Client

Utilities
---------

.. autosummary::
    :nosignatures:

    {utilities}

.. toctree::
    :hidden:

    {utilities}

.. currentmodule:: pyrogram

.. autosummary::
    :nosignatures:

    idle

.. toctree::
    :hidden:

    idle

.. currentmodule:: pyrogram.Client

Messages
--------

.. autosummary::
    :nosignatures:

    {messages}

.. toctree::
    :hidden:

    {messages}

Chats
-----

.. autosummary::
    :nosignatures:

    {chats}

.. toctree::
    :hidden:

    {chats}

Users
-----

.. autosummary::
    :nosignatures:

    {users}

.. toctree::
    :hidden:

    {users}

Contacts
--------

.. autosummary::
    :nosignatures:

    {contacts}

.. toctree::
    :hidden:

    {contacts}

Password
--------

.. autosummary::
    :nosignatures:

    {password}

.. toctree::
    :hidden:

    {password}

Bots
----

.. autosummary::
    :nosignatures:

    {bots}

.. toctree::
    :hidden:

    {bots}

Authorization
-------------

.. autosummary::
    :nosignatures:

    {authorization}

.. toctree::
    :hidden:

    {authorization}

Advanced
--------

Methods used only when dealing with the raw Telegram API.
Learn more about how to use the raw API at :doc:`Advanced Usage <../../topics/advanced-usage>`.

.. autosummary::
    :nosignatures:

    {advanced}

.. toctree::
    :hidden:

    {advanced}
